# CHEM20100Notes
## Materials from UChicago's CHEM 20100 (Inorganic Chemistry I), Winter 2021

This repository contains both my notes from and my solutions to the problem sets of CHEM 20100 at UChicago, as offered in the Winter 2021 quarter.

### On the Contents of the Repository

This is a LaTeX repository created and maintained with Visual Studio Code. To interact with it, clone it and load one of the files in any suitable LaTeX editor.

The home page contains five files and three folders. With respect to the files, the function of the README and LICENSE files is fairly obvious. Additionally, the .gitignore file prevented extra files generated by my LaTeX compiler (e.g., .toc, .log, .out, etc.) from being uploaded in Git commits. Lastly, both the Notes documents and the PSets documents (see below) use information from main.bib and preamble.tex: the main.bib bibliography file contains references and the preamble.tex file contains formatting and style information. With respect to the folders, ExtFiles contains all **ext**ernal **files** (i.e., screenshot pictures) referenced in both the Notes and PSets documents. Notes and PSets contain my notes and my solutions to the problem sets, respectively.

In the Notes folder, there are ten subfolders corresponding to the nine topics outlined in the CHEM 20100 course syllabus (Topics1-9), plus one folder containing my course preparation materials compiled from reading Chapters 1-2 of the textbook (Topic0). Each subfolder contains a PDF of my notes on that subject, plus a .tex file capable of generating it with the assistance of some data in notes.tex, preamble.tex, and main.bib. There is also a notes.tex master file that complies all of the individual subfiles into one streamlined document: notes.pdf.

In the PSets folder, there is a parallel structure to that of the Notes folder. More specifically, PSet0 contains solutions to problems I attempted in preparation for CHEM 20100 while PSets1-8 contain solutions to the eight weekly problem sets assigned over the span of the course. Additionally, psets.tex and psets.pdf have exactly analogous purposes to notes.tex and notes.pdf. Note that the pset solutions have been corrected where necessary after submission.

### Notice on Originality

The contents of this repository are entirely my own work, with the notable exception of many of the pictures. With respect to these, the ones rendered by Ti*k*Z (the scalable vector graphics) are not my designs but are my code, and the screenshots are neither.